README.md, before:


Horiseon Optimization Into The Future!!! <h1 id="C1">Chapter 1</h1>

<DESCRIPTION:> <h2 id="C2">Chapter 2</h2>
In this README.md you will see:
-I follow the Scout Rule—always leave the code a little cleaner than when you found it.
-I make this website more web accessible.
-I will optimize the site for search engines.
-I will create a Github repository
    -https://github.com/jimbuckley412/Horiseon_Optimize_The_Future
        -I will clone and use commands to save and push my code to the GitHub repository.
-I will use the repository to create a website to check and work on.
    -http://jimbuckley412.github.io/Horiseon_Optimize_The_Future
-I wanted to impliment these changes to this website because Web accessibility is very important to get the most amount of people able to view the site.
-I cleaned up the code.
-Distinguished a clas.
-Formulated a head, body, footer to the site
-Further added sections to the body to create concise organized structure to the index.html.
-Checked the styles.css sheet for desceptancies.

<TABLE OF CONTENTS:>
Title (#1)<a href="C1"><jump to Chapter 1></a>
Description (#3) <a href="C2"><jump to Chapter 2></a>
Installation (#28) <a href="C3"><jump to Chapter 3></a>
Usage (#46) <a href="C4"><jump to Chapter 4></a>
Credits (52) <a href="C5"><jump to Chapter 5></a>
License (68) <a href="C6"><jump to Chapter 6></a>
Badges (71) <a href="C7"><jump to Chapter 7></a>
Features (74) <a href="C8"><jump to Chapter 8></a>
How to contribute (77) <a href="C9"><jump to Chapter 9></a>
Tests (135) <a href="C10"><jump to Chapter 10></a>

<INSTALLATION:> <h3 id="C3">Chapter 3</h3>
I first created a Repositorygit in GitHub.
I creatively named my Repository Horiseon_Optimization_Into_The_Future.
I did not create a README.md.
I then cloned the Repository onto my computer by going into the gitbash.
I imput git clone Horiseon_Optimization_Into_The_Future
I then went to the source code and copied the source code to the repository.
git status
git add .
This got me the source code and the repository on my computer.
I edited the code to make it more concise and organized.
Added Screenshots to the repository
See notes in index.html for further notes on changes to actual html code.
Checked the Style.css sheet for errors and renamed some ids and classes.

<USAGE:> <h4 id="C4">Chapter 4</h4>
![Alt text](image.png)
basic page no edits


<CREDITS:> <h5 id="C5">Chapter 4</h5>
<a href="https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/vector-black-white-retro-stamps-badges-isolated_10704966.htm#query=website%20badge&position=1&from_view=keyword&track=ais">Image by macrovector</a> on Freepik

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License</a>.

https://ca.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/what-is-web-testing

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the Contributor Covenant, version 2.1, available at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct.html.

Community Impact Guidelines were inspired by Mozilla’s code of conduct enforcement ladder.

For answers to common questions about this code of conduct, see the FAQ at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/faq. Translations are available at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/translations.

RUT-VIRT-FSF-PT-06-2023-U-LOLC


<LICENSE:> <h6 id="C6">Chapter 6</h6>
IT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Jim Buckley

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

<BADGES:> <h6 id="C6">Chapter 6</h6>
<a href="https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/vector-black-white-retro-stamps-badges-isolated_10704966.htm#query=website%20badge&position=1&from_view=keyword&track=ais">Image by macrovector</a> on Freepik

<FEATURES:> <h7 id="C7">Chapter 7</h7>

<HOW TO CONTRIBUTE:> <h8 id="C8">Chapter 8</h8>
CONTRIBUTOR COVENANT CODE OF CONDUCT
Our Pledge
We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, visible or invisible disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, caste, color, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

We pledge to act and interact in ways that contribute to an open, welcoming, diverse, inclusive, and healthy community.

Our Standards
Examples of behavior that contributes to a positive environment for our community include:

Demonstrating empathy and kindness toward other people
Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences
Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback
Accepting responsibility and apologizing to those affected by our mistakes, and learning from the experience
Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals, but for the overall community
Examples of unacceptable behavior include:

The use of sexualized language or imagery, and sexual attention or advances of any kind
Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
Public or private harassment
Publishing others’ private information, such as a physical or email address, without their explicit permission
Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting
Enforcement Responsibilities
Community leaders are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of acceptable behavior and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any behavior that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

Community leaders have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, and will communicate reasons for moderation decisions when appropriate.

Scope
This Code of Conduct applies within all community spaces, and also applies when an individual is officially representing the community in public spaces. Examples of representing our community include using an official e-mail address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event.

Enforcement
Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported to the community leaders responsible for enforcement at [INSERT CONTACT METHOD]. All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.

All community leaders are obligated to respect the privacy and security of the reporter of any incident.

Enforcement Guidelines
Community leaders will follow these Community Impact Guidelines in determining the consequences for any action they deem in violation of this Code of Conduct:

1. Correction
Community Impact: Use of inappropriate language or other behavior deemed unprofessional or unwelcome in the community.

Consequence: A private, written warning from community leaders, providing clarity around the nature of the violation and an explanation of why the behavior was inappropriate. A public apology may be requested.

2. Warning
Community Impact: A violation through a single incident or series of actions.

Consequence: A warning with consequences for continued behavior. No interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction with those enforcing the Code of Conduct, for a specified period of time. This includes avoiding interactions in community spaces as well as external channels like social media. Violating these terms may lead to a temporary or permanent ban.

3. Temporary Ban
Community Impact: A serious violation of community standards, including sustained inappropriate behavior.

Consequence: A temporary ban from any sort of interaction or public communication with the community for a specified period of time. No public or private interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction with those enforcing the Code of Conduct, is allowed during this period. Violating these terms may lead to a permanent ban.

4. Permanent Ban
Community Impact: Demonstrating a pattern of violation of community standards, including sustained inappropriate behavior, harassment of an individual, or aggression toward or disparagement of classes of individuals.

Consequence: A permanent ban from any sort of public interaction within the community.

TESTS: <h10 id="C10">Chapter 10</h10>
User acceptance testing to make sure that the user is able to work the website after deployment.
API testing we can make sure that the security, reliability, and hteh efficency of the website works correctly.
Sanity test to make sure that the fix in the code does nto interfere with the fundamental objective of the website.

>>>>>>> c2a0c80d2c8f338134ae6da74ada97fc9dac6c9d

Commit message:

updated links to assets got picture working from css

README.md, after:


Horiseon Optimization Into The Future!!! <h1 id="C1">Chapter 1</h1>

<DESCRIPTION:> <h2 id="C2">Chapter 2</h2>
In this README.md you will see:
-I follow the Scout Rule—always leave the code a little cleaner than when you found it.
-I make this website more web accessible.
-I will optimize the site for search engines.
-I will create a Github repository
    -https://github.com/jimbuckley412/Horiseon_Optimize_The_Future
        -I will clone and use commands to save and push my code to the GitHub repository.
-I will use the repository to create a website to check and work on.
    -http://jimbuckley412.github.io/Horiseon_Optimize_The_Future
-I wanted to impliment these changes to this website because Web accessibility is very important to get the most amount of people able to view the site.
-I cleaned up the code.
-Distinguished a clas.
-Formulated a head, body, footer to the site
-Further added sections to the body to create concise organized structure to the index.html.
-Checked the styles.css sheet for desceptancies.

<TABLE OF CONTENTS:>
Title (#1)<a href="C1"><jump to Chapter 1></a>
Description (#3) <a href="C2"><jump to Chapter 2></a>
Installation (#28) <a href="C3"><jump to Chapter 3></a>
Usage (#46) <a href="C4"><jump to Chapter 4></a>
Credits (52) <a href="C5"><jump to Chapter 5></a>
License (68) <a href="C6"><jump to Chapter 6></a>
Badges (71) <a href="C7"><jump to Chapter 7></a>
Features (74) <a href="C8"><jump to Chapter 8></a>
How to contribute (77) <a href="C9"><jump to Chapter 9></a>
Tests (135) <a href="C10"><jump to Chapter 10></a>

<INSTALLATION:> <h3 id="C3">Chapter 3</h3>
I first created a Repositorygit in GitHub.
I creatively named my Repository Horiseon_Optimization_Into_The_Future.
I did create a README.md.
I then cloned the Repository onto my computer by going into the gitbash.
I imput git clone Horiseon_Optimization_Into_The_Future
I then went to the source code and copied the source code to the repository.
git status
git add .
This got me the source code and the repository on my computer.
I edited the code to make it more concise and organized.
Added Screenshots to the repository
See notes in index.html for further notes on changes to actual html code.
Checked the Style.css sheet for errors and renamed some ids and classes.

<USAGE:> <h4 id="C4">Chapter 4</h4>
![Alt text](image.png)
basic page no edits


<CREDITS:> <h5 id="C5">Chapter 4</h5>
<a href="https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/vector-black-white-retro-stamps-badges-isolated_10704966.htm#query=website%20badge&position=1&from_view=keyword&track=ais">Image by macrovector</a> on Freepik

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License</a>.

https://ca.indeed.com/career-advice/career-development/what-is-web-testing

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the Contributor Covenant, version 2.1, available at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct.html.

Community Impact Guidelines were inspired by Mozilla’s code of conduct enforcement ladder.

For answers to common questions about this code of conduct, see the FAQ at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/faq. Translations are available at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/translations.

RUT-VIRT-FSF-PT-06-2023-U-LOLC


<LICENSE:> <h6 id="C6">Chapter 6</h6>
IT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Jim Buckley

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

<BADGES:> <h6 id="C6">Chapter 6</h6>
<a href="https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/vector-black-white-retro-stamps-badges-isolated_10704966.htm#query=website%20badge&position=1&from_view=keyword&track=ais">Image by macrovector</a> on Freepik

<FEATURES:> <h7 id="C7">Chapter 7</h7>

<HOW TO CONTRIBUTE:> <h8 id="C8">Chapter 8</h8>
CONTRIBUTOR COVENANT CODE OF CONDUCT
Our Pledge
We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, visible or invisible disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, caste, color, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

We pledge to act and interact in ways that contribute to an open, welcoming, diverse, inclusive, and healthy community.

Our Standards
Examples of behavior that contributes to a positive environment for our community include:

Demonstrating empathy and kindness toward other people
Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences
Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback
Accepting responsibility and apologizing to those affected by our mistakes, and learning from the experience
Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals, but for the overall community
Examples of unacceptable behavior include:

The use of sexualized language or imagery, and sexual attention or advances of any kind
Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
Public or private harassment
Publishing others’ private information, such as a physical or email address, without their explicit permission
Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting
Enforcement Responsibilities
Community leaders are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of acceptable behavior and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any behavior that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

Community leaders have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, and will communicate reasons for moderation decisions when appropriate.

Scope
This Code of Conduct applies within all community spaces, and also applies when an individual is officially representing the community in public spaces. Examples of representing our community include using an official e-mail address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event.

Enforcement
Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported to the community leaders responsible for enforcement at [INSERT CONTACT METHOD]. All complaints will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.

All community leaders are obligated to respect the privacy and security of the reporter of any incident.

Enforcement Guidelines
Community leaders will follow these Community Impact Guidelines in determining the consequences for any action they deem in violation of this Code of Conduct:

1. Correction
Community Impact: Use of inappropriate language or other behavior deemed unprofessional or unwelcome in the community.

Consequence: A private, written warning from community leaders, providing clarity around the nature of the violation and an explanation of why the behavior was inappropriate. A public apology may be requested.

2. Warning
Community Impact: A violation through a single incident or series of actions.

Consequence: A warning with consequences for continued behavior. No interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction with those enforcing the Code of Conduct, for a specified period of time. This includes avoiding interactions in community spaces as well as external channels like social media. Violating these terms may lead to a temporary or permanent ban.

3. Temporary Ban
Community Impact: A serious violation of community standards, including sustained inappropriate behavior.

Consequence: A temporary ban from any sort of interaction or public communication with the community for a specified period of time. No public or private interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction with those enforcing the Code of Conduct, is allowed during this period. Violating these terms may lead to a permanent ban.

4. Permanent Ban
Community Impact: Demonstrating a pattern of violation of community standards, including sustained inappropriate behavior, harassment of an individual, or aggression toward or disparagement of classes of individuals.

Consequence: A permanent ban from any sort of public interaction within the community.

TESTS: <h10 id="C10">Chapter 10</h10>
I tested the website by going to the website and checking the links and the functionality of the website.
